removes _fix_dates (#233)
hydrologie/xhydro: CHANGELOG.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* The ``xh.cc.sampled_indicators`` function has been separated into two functions: ``xh.cc.weighted_random_sampling`` and ``xh.cc.sampled_indicators``. (:pull:`240`).
  * Many of the arguments and outputs have been renamed or reorganized. Since no one was using this function yet AFAIK, no backward compatibility has been maintained.

> * The default `use_defaults` argument of Hydrotel has been changed from True to False. (:pull:`233`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default `use_defaults` argument of Hydrotel has been changed from 'True' to 'False'. (:pull:`233`).
```
